{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Courier New;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\margl1440\margr1440\psz1
{\*\jarte object RichPersist
  Version = 2
  LMarg = 1440
  RMarg = 1440
  TMarg = 1440
  BMarg = 1440
  Equal = True
  Orient = 1
  Size = 1
  Width = 2159
  Height = 2794
  HdrMarg = 720
  FtrMarg = 720
  HdrFont.Charset = DEFAULT_CHARSET
  HdrFont.Color = clWindowText
  HdrFont.Height = -11
  HdrFont.Name = 'Arial'
  HdrFont.Style = []
  WMark = 'None'
  WColor = 13822463
end
}\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs28 Freyd's Vampire System 1.1\b0\fs20\par
\par
\par
Here comes my first bigger than others script. Script add vampirism for yours players. Its easy to configure and will give yours players a lot of fun.\par
\par
\ul Updates:\ulnone\par
26.07.2007 v1.1\par
#Added sunlight damages. Now vampires will get damage on days (between 6am to 6pm). Players can hide in Players Houses and Dungeons.\par
Part of this scripts is recovered from Sickness System Re-edited V1.9 and all credits going to creators.\par
#Removed bug on public override void Resurrect()\par
#Changes Logout method (now you can easly remove vampire from chosen one player just changing his Vampire value to 0)\par
\par
\ul How it work:\ulnone\par
Player have X% chance (recommended is 10%) to bite other player using command [bite or simply [b (player can use this ability in any time, special power will teleport him to his combatant and quickly bite him but then player will lose his all mana). After success biting, his enemy have X% chance (recommended is 1%) to get vampirism. Player must be on vampire bat form to bite anyone. You must choise one player (or more) who will start vampires (staff with vampirism allways have 100% chance to bite and give vampirism to other players).\par
Vampire have 20 Str, 5 Dex and 10 Int bonus but his max Fire Resistance is 50 and he get sunlight damages. All of values are easy to configure in Vampire.cs. Also vampires need to drink blood. If they dont bite anyone of other players after 2h of last biting they will lost hp and die. Vampires offcourse can polymorph into vampire bat using command [vampireform or simply [vf. Then they can easly run away from combat.\par
\par
Important: You can easly disable this system in setup section without deleting characters. You can test it on your shard without any problems if you wouldnt like it in the future.\par
\par
\ul\f1 Thagoras Updates:\ulnone\par
01.11.2010 v1.1a\par
A good portion of this isn't mine.  I did make a number of heavy mods, but left the credits untouched.\f0\par
\f1 #Changed the animation and sound for the sunlight damages.\par
#Changed the X% chance.  Now skill based.  Requires Anatomy.  Can make difficulty adjustments in script.\par
#Removed [bite and [form commands.  Replaced with a gump (I don't like players using commands).  Automatically appears on screen on login.  If it doesn't, however, you may type in [vampire to get gump.\par
#Added NPCs (a whole mass) which can infect players.\par
#Added Quest.  Bring head, get a bottle of blood.  Drink, become Vampire.  Works 100%.\par
#Added Ghost mount...only for vampire.\par
#Added Vampire Slayer.\par
\f0\par
\par
\ul Installation:\ulnone\par
Warning: This script need few PlayerMobile.cs changes!\par
\b [1] Copy Vampire.cs file into your Custom folder\par
\par
[2] Open yours PlayerMobile.cs file\b0\par
after\par
Code:\par
\tab\tab private int m_Profession;\par
add\par
Code:\par
//Freyd's Vampire System\par
        \f1 private\f0  int m_Vampire;\par
        [CommandProperty(AccessLevel.GameMaster)]\par
        public int Vampire \{ get \{ return m_Vampire; \} set \{ m_Vampire = value; \} \}   \par
\par
        \f1 private\f0  int m_VampireBited;\par
        [CommandProperty(AccessLevel.GameMaster)]\par
        public int VampireBited \{ get \{ return m_VampireBited; \} set \{ m_VampireBited = value; \} \}\par
\par
        private DateTime m_VampireBiteTime;\par
        [CommandProperty(AccessLevel.GameMaster)]\par
        public TimeSpan VampireBiteTime\par
        \{\par
            get\par
            \{\par
                TimeSpan ts = m_VampireBiteTime - DateTime.Now;\par
\par
                if (ts < TimeSpan.Zero)\par
                    ts = TimeSpan.Zero;\par
\par
                return ts;\par
            \}\par
            set\par
            \{\par
                try \{ m_VampireBiteTime = DateTime.Now + value; \}\par
                catch \{ \}\par
            \}\par
        \}          \par
//Freyd's Vampire System\par
\par
\ul\f1 after (in public override int GetMaxResistance(ResistanceType type))\ulnone\par
Code:\par
            if (Core.ML && this.Race == Race.Elf && type == ResistanceType.Energy)\par
                max += 5; //Intended to go after the 60 max from curse\par
add\par
Code:\par
//Freyd's Vampire System\par
            if (this.Vampire != 0 && 50 < max && type == ResistanceType.Fire)\par
                max = 50;\par
//Freyd's Vampire System\par
\par
\ul after (in public override void ComputeBaseLightLevels(out int global, out int personal))\ulnone\par
Code:\par
\tab\tab\tab\}\par
            else\par
                personal = this.LightLevel;\par
add\par
Code:\par
//Freyd's Vampire System\par
\tab\tab\tab if ((this.Vampire != 0) && (this.LightLevel <= 15)) \par
\tab\tab\tab\{\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab if (this.Vampire > 15) personal = 15;\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab else if ((this.Vampire + 4) > 15) personal = 15\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab else personal = (this.Vampire + 4);\par
\tab\tab\tab\}\par
//Freyd's Vampire System\f0\par
\par
\ul after\f1  (in \f0 private static void OnLogin( LoginEventArgs e )\f1 )\ulnone\f0\par
Code:\par
\tab\tab\tab Mobile from = e.Mobile;\par
add\par
Code:\par
//Freyd's Vampire System\par
            PlayerMobile vampire = e.Mobile as PlayerMobile;\par
            if (vampire.Vampire \f1 >\f0  0 && VampireSystem.Vampires)\par
            \{\par
                vampire.Title = "the Vampire";\par
                vampire.AddStatMod(new StatMod(StatType.Str, "Vampire Str Bonus", VampireSystem.strBonus, TimeSpan.Zero));\par
                vampire.AddStatMod(new StatMod(StatType.Dex, "Vampire Dex Bonus", VampireSystem.dexBonus, TimeSpan.Zero));\par
                vampire.AddStatMod(new StatMod(StatType.Int, "Vampire Int Bonus", VampireSystem.intBonus, TimeSpan.Zero));                \par
            \}\par
            if (vampire.VampireBited == 1)\par
                vampire.VampireBited = 0;\par
            if (vampire.Vampire \f1 > 0\f0  && vampire.Alive && vampire.VampireBiteTime == TimeSpan.Zero)\par
                new VampireTimer(vampire, 120.0).Start();\par
\f1\tab\tab if (vampire.Vampire > 0) vampire.SendGump( new VampireGump() );\f0   \par
//Freyd's Vampire System\par
\par
\par
\ul after\f1  (in \f0 private static void OnLogout( LogoutEventArgs e )\f1 )\ulnone\f0\par
Code:\par
\tab\tab\{\par
\par
add\par
Code:\par
//Freyd's Vampire System\par
            Mobile from = e.Mobile;\par
            PlayerMobile vampire = e.Mobile as PlayerMobile;\par
            vampire.BodyMod = 0;\par
            vampire.NameMod = null;\par
            vampire.Title = null;\par
            vampire.RemoveStatMod("Vampire Str Bonus");\par
            vampire.RemoveStatMod("Vampire Dex Bonus");\par
            vampire.RemoveStatMod("Vampire Int Bonus");     \par
            if (!VampireSystem.Vampires)            \par
                vampire.Vampire = 0;\par
//Freyd's Vampire System\par
\par
\par
\ul after\f1  (in \f0 public override void Resurrect()\f1 )\ulnone\f0\par
Code:\par
\tab\tab\tab bool wasAlive = this.Alive;\par
\par
\tab\tab\tab base.Resurrect();\par
add\par
Code:\par
//Freyd's Vampire System\par
            PlayerMobile vampire = this as PlayerMobile;\par
            if (vampire.VampireBited == 1)\par
                vampire.VampireBited = 0;\par
            if (vampire.Vampire == 1 && vampire.VampireBiteTime == TimeSpan.Zero)\par
                new VampireTimer(vampire, 120.0).Start();\par
//Freyd's Vampire System\par
\par
\par
\ul after\f1  (in public override void OnDeath(Container c))\ulnone\f0\par
Code:\par
\tab\tab\tab Mobile killer = this.FindMostRecentDamager( true );\par
add\par
Code:\par
//Freyd's Vampire System\par
\tab\tab if (killer is PlayerMobile)\par
\tab\tab\{\par
\tab\tab\tab PlayerMobile pm = (PlayerMobile) killer;\par
\tab\tab\tab if (pm.Vampire > 0)\par
\tab\tab\tab\{\par
            \tab if (this.VampireBited == 1)\par
            \tab\tab this.VampireBited = 0;\par
\tab\tab\tab\}\par
\tab\tab\}\par
\tab\tab if (killer is BaseVampire)\par
\tab\tab\{\par
\tab\tab\tab BaseVampire vamp = (BaseVampire) killer;\par
\tab\tab\tab vamp.Rank += 1;\par
\tab\tab\}\par
//Freyd's Vampire System\par
\par
\par
\ul before\f1  (in public override void Deserialize(GenericReader reader))\ulnone\f0\par
Code:\par
\f1\tab\tab\f0 switch ( version )\par
\f1\tab\tab\f0\{\par
\f1\tab\tab\tab\f0 case #LAST CASE#:\par
add\par
Code:\par
\f1\tab\tab\tab\f0 case #NEXT CASE#:\par
\f1\tab\tab\tab\f0\{\par
//Freyd's Vampire System\par
\f1\tab\tab\tab\tab\f0 m_Vampire = reader.ReadInt();                    \par
\f1\tab\tab\tab\tab\f0 m_VampireBited = reader.ReadInt();                    \par
\f1\tab\tab\tab\tab\f0 VampireBiteTime = reader.ReadTimeSpan();\par
//Freyd's Vampire System      \par
\f1\tab\tab\tab\tab\f0 goto case #LAST CASE#;\par
\f1\tab\tab\tab\f0\}\par
\par
\par
\ul this\f1  (in public override void Serialize(GenericWriter writer))\ulnone\f0\par
Code:\par
\tab\tab\tab writer.Write( (int) #LAST CASE# ); // version\par
change to\par
Code:\par
\tab\tab\tab writer.Write( (int) #NEXT CASE# ); // version\par
\par
//Freyd's Vampire System\par
 \f1\tab\tab\tab\f0 writer.Write((int)m_Vampire);\par
\f1\tab\tab\tab\f0 writer.Write((int)m_VampireBited);\par
\f1\tab\tab\tab\f0 writer.Write(VampireBiteTime);\par
//Freyd's Vampire System\par
\par
\par
\par
\b [3] Open Noterity.cs\b0\par
\ul after (in public static int MobileNotoriety( Mobile source, Mobile target ))\ulnone\par
Code:\par
\f1\tab\tab\f0 if (target.Kills >= 5 || (target.Body.IsMonster && IsSummoned(target as BaseCreature) && !(target is BaseFamiliar) && !(target is Golem)) || (target is BaseCreature && (((BaseCreature)target).AlwaysMurderer || ((BaseCreature)target).IsAnimatedDead)))\par
\f1\tab\tab\tab\f0 return Notoriety.Murderer;\par
add\par
Code:\par
//Freyd's Vampire System\par
\f1\tab\tab\f0 if (((PlayerMobile) source).Vampire \f1 >\f0  \f1 0\f0 )           \par
\f1\tab\tab\tab\f0 return Notoriety.Murderer;\par
//Freyd's Vampire System\par
\par
\par
\b\f1 [4] Open FoodDecay.cs\b0\par
\ul after (in public static void HungerDecay( Mobile m ))\ulnone\par
Code:\par
\tab\tab\tab if ( m != null && m.Hunger >= 1 )\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab m.Hunger -= 1;\par
add\par
Code:\par
//Vampire Adds\par
\tab\tab\tab if (m is PlayerMobile)\par
\tab\tab\tab\{\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab PlayerMobile pm = (PlayerMobile) m;\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab if (pm.Vampire > 0)\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\{\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab pm.Hunger = 10;\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\}\par
\tab\tab\tab\}\par
//Vampire Adds\par
\par
\ul after (in public static void ThirstDecay( Mobile m ))\ulnone\par
Code:\par
\tab\tab\tab if ( m != null && m.Thirst >= 1 )\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab m.Thirst -= 1;\par
add\par
Code:\par
//Vampire Adds\par
\tab\tab\tab if (m is PlayerMobile)\par
\tab\tab\tab\{\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab PlayerMobile pm = (PlayerMobile) m;\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab if (pm.Vampire > 0)\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\{\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab pm.Thirst = 10;\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\}\par
\tab\tab\tab\}\par
//Vampire Adds\f0\par
}
 